High level comment about relation between secret key and secret key shares (#280)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

One possible key generation mechanism is to depend on a trusted dealer, wherein the
dealer generates a group secret `s` uniformly at random and uses Shamir and Verifiable
Secret Sharing as described in {{dep-shamir}} and {{dep-vss}} to create secret

> shares `s_1, ..., s_MAX_SIGNERS` of `s` to be sent to all `MAX_SIGNERS` participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shares of s, denoted `s_i` for `i = 0, ..., MAX_SIGNERS`, to be sent to all `MAX_SIGNERS` participants.
```

This operation is specified in the `trusted_dealer_keygen` algorithm. The mathematical relation

> between the secret key `s` and the `n` secret shares is formalized in the `secret_share_combine(shares)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between the secret key `s` and the `MAX_SIGNER` secret shares is formalized in the `secret_share_combine(shares)`
```

> algorithm, defined in {{dep-shamir}}. Note that in the setting of thrshold signatures, this algorithm is not needed, as signers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algorithm, defined in {{dep-shamir}}. Note that in the setting of threshold signatures, this algorithm is not needed, as signers
```

> can generate signature shares locally without having to disclose their secret share.

Reviewer: I get what this is trying to say, but it seems strange because this document exists in the threshold setting. Maybe this should say in settings without a trusted dealer instead?

Author: I can just remove the "Note that...." entirely? I mainly wanted to say that we define `secret_share_combine` as a tool for understanding the mathematical structure, and it is not intended to actually be used anywhere in the draft. If you have a better way to say that, definitely open to suggestions.

Reviewer: Yeah, I might just remove that sentence.
